Of course, this is a question that depends on what you're trying to do
with it for the Navy. You don't need anything if you're trying to join
the enlisted ranks. I didn't even have any idea about what electricity
was basically on. My and I did just fine. Um, you can think of
it just like preparation. The better you do at your degree, whether
it's just a sheet of paper or you're really good student or you're
like the most outstanding student, you know, those are all just preparation.
Um, and just because it's preparation, um, you just realize
you're going to get that preparation no matter what, just by being
in the service. So even if you don't have the degree, you could just
simply replace that with time and in, you know, like after two years
or three years, you could basically have just as much knowledge as
somebody with a degree. Eso yeah, it could give you a boost ahead
in life, whether it's, ah, where you're working for the Navy or civilian
job. But don't depend on your your degree. It's ah, it's It could
give you some kind of opportunity to learn things that you wouldn't
have learned otherwise. Um, for instance, I took English classes
and critical thinking classes I took, um, you know, debate classes.
But for the most part, those air just like internally, they increase
my internal knowledge, but not necessarily my field.